Are you a senior citizen
looking for a good health insurance plan for yourself,
or are you looking to purchase health insurance for your senior citizen parents?
ICC Lombard's Golden
Shield plan could be a suitable choice
for you. Besides its unique features and benefits,
ICC Lombard is
a major brand in the insurance industry,
and its claim
settlement is also excellent. In today's
video, we'll discuss all the features and benefits of this plan
and
explain why it's so
unique. This plan has some unique benefits,
such as a lifetime renewal
option, a reset benefit,
and a care management
program, which we'll discuss later. Other
coverages include
hospitalization
and all
medical expenses related to inpatient treatment,
such as ICU charges, reverse charges, medical
practitioner fees, and other related
charges. This plan also covers
room rent.  If you talk about hospitalization, if your term is
less than 10 lakhs, then you will be able to
avail a maximum of up to 10 lakhs in a sharing room. If your
policy is above 10 lakhs, then you
can avail up to a single private room.
Talking about hospital care procedures or treatments,
such medical treatments, which due to
technological advancement, can be done
in less than 24 hours of hospitalization. There is
no need for a full 24 hours or more of hospitalization.
In such treatment coverage policy, there are many such medical treatments of next
manufacturing order treatment
which
come under the category of modern treatment.
Apart from this, there is a list of modern treatments
which can be covered for you like
stem cell therapy, balloon cellulosic lock
chemotherapy, stereotactic radio
surgery, deep vein stimulation,
intravitreal injection, bromic
thermoplasty, ionic.
Talking about benefits, there are pre and
post hospital expenses. Such medical
expenses which happen before our hospitalization are
called premises
and such medical expenses which happen
after our discharge.  Whatever
medicines and non-steroidal tests and
concentrations there are, their charges are
taxed in the policy. Gym Pari Hospital,
but whatever medical expenses will be taxed,
up to 10 lakh is the benefit. Domicile
Hospitalization: Domestic hospitalization is such
hospitalization which we get done at home. The
condition for this is that there should
not be bed available in any hotel nearby or the
patient's condition is so critical that
he cannot be admitted to any hospital.
In such a situation, if we get
hospitalized at home, then it is called domestic
hospitalization. The
condition for this is that this hospitalization should be
more than three days. The next
benefit is home care treatment. We take home care
treatment due to
any condition,
but the home treatment is done by us at
home on the prescription of the doctor.
For home care treatment, now we get
25%
treatment of AYUSH Hospital,
any in-patient treatment related to Ayurvedic, Unani, Siddha, Homeopathic of India, at
designated hospitals,
that too will be taxed in the policy.
Domestic Road, Ambulance, Road MS
Charges will be available for this which will be
available up to a maximum of ₹10,000. Apart from this,
ambulance charges are also available.
If we talk about the features in this plan, then the
minimum sum assured is ₹5 lakh and the
maximum is ₹50 lakh. Talking about the policy,
one air, two air and three air policies will be
available. If we take the policy of two air and three air
together, then we get some
discount. The minimum entry is ₹
56. Most of the premiums are civilian premiums,
but this is a very good benefit of the plan
that we can take ₹56.
Apart from this, additional sum assured or
cumulative bonus, for every claim free premium
we get a bonus of 10% of sum assured,
which will be maximum up to 200% available.
Apart from this, the said benefit which we
know as restore refill recharge or way statement, in which if
our sum assured in the policy premium gets exhausted, then the
company refills our extra premium.  In our policy,
we have
unlimited number of reset benefits
available for this policy term. We can avail limited time reset
benefits. This
means that if
we have already made a claim for any particular disease and make a
claim again in this policy term, then the reset benefit will be available
for that too. It will be
available only once. If we avail the
reset benefit for any other disease, then
it will be available for unlimited times. The last
benefit is the road traffic accident and on the handed annual function,
if we are hospitalized due to a road traffic
accident, then
benefits equal to double the basic number shown are payable. The next
benefit is preventive health checkup.
We get predefined packages according to our sum injured. The
next benefit is incentive
associated with vaccination against
pneumococcal disease for preventive health checkups on the company's network provider. If you have followed the rules of the policy, then you will get incentive associated with vaccination against pneumococcal disease.  If you have
taken vaccination for COVID-19, you
get a 2.5% discount on your premium. The
next benefit is the Care Management
Program, which is designed to solve all the medical-related problems in your everyday life,
which aims to enhance your productivity and your
health behavior.
It includes many services like
online health consultations. You
can get second opinions for critical analysis of your medical conditions. If you want to prepare a
diet and nutrition chart according to your health care condition, then this is available through
i-consultation. If
you want any counseling related to anxiety and mental illness, then
that is also available in this.
Apart from this, the Health Management Program, which has
Care Calls, is a gold-based incentive, which you will receive
according to your preventive health checkup.
Apart from this, incentives will be available to you on completing yoga meditation
sessions and some target steps.
Apart from this,
you can get a medical certificate through your medical documents. Apart from this, there is also a
health
assistant. If you are not able to understand your health care conditions
yourself and
need some support, you can avail it through the company's app.
Apart from this, an
ambulance assistant: If you need an
ambulance for transportation to and from the hospital
and you are facing difficulty in finding one,
you can use the ambulance
assistant to find one. Apart from this,
you can avail discounts on all diagnostic tests,
services and products from the company's network providers.
Apart from this, the
tax benefits which we get in every health
insurance will be available.
In zone 80D, we get zone wise
premium, which is divided into 3 zones, which includes
Mumbai, Thane district, Navi Mumbai, Gujarat and
Kolkata. Zone B includes Hyderabad,
Secunderabad, Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, Daman and
Diu, Dadra Nagar Haveli, Goa, Maharashtra
including Mumbai, Thane district, Navi Mumbai. Apart from this, the rest of India will be included
in zone C. Let's talk about
optional plane lifts, which we can avail at an additional
premium.  You can add this by first adding a
claim protector. Normal health
insurance policies do
not charge for consumables. Consumables are
items like P Kids Series
Cotton. Our health insurance does not charge these types of charges.
However, if we
take this rider, then their charges are included
in our policy. Sometimes their
charges can be up to 20% of our hospital bill.
Therefore, we must add this rider to our
policy. Net
benefit is the applicable relief
in modification. We get a basic co-payment of 50%,
which we can reduce by 40%, 30% and 20% by
charging extra premium. Apart from this, we
get the option of voluntary deductible.
Deductible means that whatever
is the deductible amount, we have to pay the initial bill
ourselves
and after that, the remaining bill is
levied on our health insurance policy.
Suppose you have a deductible of ₹1 lakh
and the hospital bill is done.  For ₹5 lakh,
you will have to pay the initial bill of ₹1 lakh
yourself. After that, the
remaining bill will be paid by your health insurance
policy. This option is
very beneficial for those who have a
corporate policy or a private
policy, then you
can avail it for a deductible amount.
Apart from this, we get
an optional tax of Care Management Plus program.
Some additional services are available in the Care Management Plus program
such as health care professional, health
coach, health update to family members,
outpatient consultation, that is, whatever OPD is there, will also be tax,
apart from that, routine diagram,
home charges will also be tax. Talking about
other terms and conditions of this Care Management Plus program, only
maximum two members will be eligible in this plan,
which can be self and
spouse. For premium calculation, the
premium will be calculated according to the eldest member.
In this plan, there is a base co-payment of 50%, which
we will call additional bridal lek 30%.  You can adjust up to 20% and 40%.
Talking about sub-limits,
sub-limits will be applicable for some procedures.
Talking about waiting periods, the
initial waiting period will be 30 days.
For pre-existing diseases, the waiting
period is 2 years and
for specific conditions called slow-growing diseases, the
waiting period will be 2
years. Apart from this, a waiting period of
90 days will be applicable for hypertension, diabetes and cardiac conditions.
If you want to understand the details of this plan,
you have any doubt or
you want to purchase this plan, you
can WhatsApp on the number given below. If
you have any query related to health insurance,
life insurance or
any query related to investment, then
you can ask by commenting below. Friends,
if you liked the video, then definitely like it and
subscribe to the channel. See you
in the next video. Thank you.